hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film new world order
a sequel to its 2016 film the thinning
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the near future world's resources
have severely depleted
due to overpopulation to combat this
crisis worldwide
all countries must cut their populations
by five percent
each year in the united states the
thinning project has implemented years
for that purpose
the son of texas governor logan paul
fails his exam
purposefully however rather than being
executed to death
he's later secretly taken to a
manufacturing plant
where those failed students are told
that they've been chosen by the
government
and given a second chance at life in
exchange
they have to manufacture high-tech
products for free for those giant
companies like apple and samsung
they seem to be cheered up by such good
news then and rekindle their hope for
life
logan meets his long-missed girlfriend
ellie in the assembly line
and enjoys a fast sex in the dormitory
during the three minutes break interval
on the other side despite the governor's
attributing all his accountability to
his man
he's still under a close investigation
from the fbi agents
to mitigate his own controversy
surrounding the thinning project
he attempts to get lana support for his
campaign who's become focus of the
public for her release of the scandal
in exchange she's offered with a high
paid job
and even the exemption from any
execution risks for her young brother
and sister
she declines but is later brought
secretly to a resistance
organization who actually support
another candidate with determination to
overthrow the thinning project
lena is recruited to accept the
governor's offer in order to earn his
trust
and get close to him for any
confidential information with hopes that
this will help them end the thinning for
good
meanwhile lana's former classmate also
conducts his investigation on the
thinning project
with his suspicion over the whereabouts
of those failed students dead bodies
he checks one tomb of them but finds
nothing inside
back to the manufacturing plant logan
soon finds it to be a slave labor
facility where they enjoy no
freedom of life but rather the endless
labor work
what's worse ellie is even sexually
molested by a bully boy
who actually plays the supervisor to
keep watch on other labors
logan gets in a fight with the bully boy
and his men and tries to escape away
with his girlfriend
but they're soon caught by the security
guard and logan gets his leg broken
several months later as the candidates
are busy with their campaigns for the
president election
lana in disguise of the governor's
supporter however
continues her support for the governor's
campaign while at the same time
gains their trusts and copies their
secrets
logan can't recover from his injury due
to the endless molesting from the bully
boy
still suffering from the pains in his
broken leg he's even forced to join the
duel with a bully boy
where he takes the mere chance to ko the
bully with just one
deadly strike as the investigation goes
on
the classmate figures out the
underground business dealings
where those failed students have been
turned into slave labors
and sent to a secret manufacturing plant
controlled by the secretary
the planet in turn funds the presidency
campaign
for the governor in support of the
thinning project
but on his way home in his car a
classmate almost gets suffocated to
death
by somebody with a bag but he triggers
the car alarm
and scares the killer away as planned by
the resistance organization
lana climbs over to the secretary's
office trying to copy all the
confidential information
from her computer lane is then shocked
by the video footage of logan
who turns to be alive in the slave camp
with
all information in hand elena sneaks out
of the office
before the secretary comes back and
gives it to the fbi agent
who however has been bought down by the
secretary and tries to kill laina
while elena manages to subdue the agent
for a few seconds
before jumping down into an apartment
for life with the confidential
information
with nobody to trust lena visits her
classmate
to copy all the confidential files from
her drive to his computer
he then leaves to the local news agency
for report
while he's killed by the sudden car
explosion
seeing the corrupt fbi agent is coming
for her laina plans to blow up the
apartment with gas
killing two gunmen later after a fierce
battle with the agent
laina manages to push her off the
staircases causing her dead
back to the slave camp logan convinces
the laborers there to revolt
and escape out from the slavery they
start up a disturbance as planned
intentionally drawing the attentions of
the security guards
while during the chaos logan finds ellie
after removing their gps trackers they
change in the staff
uniform and escape outside in the middle
of the texas desert
meanwhile elena comes to the news agency
with the confidential information
shocked by the breaking news they send
helicopters immediately to cover the
slave plant
where they happen to catch video of
logan and ali who managed to kill the
coming security guard
before being brought back for safe upon
seeing her crush boy at the tv station
lana rushes to kiss logan which however
embarrasses his girlfriend ellie
with his rival candidate trapped in her
own scandals
the governor wins the election and
becomes the president
he's astonished later however by the
news feed showing that his son's still
alive
while the secretary just urges him to go
for the inauguration speech
and orders her men to arrest everyone
who run against the governor
and the thinning project lena
logan and ellie are arrested as well
in despair of the nation's politicians
they are soon intercepted by the man
working for the resistance organization
he tells them that they will organize a
fight against the corrupt politicians
and make things back to normal this is
daniel cc movie review
bye